Welcome Muggles!

Despite her controversial speech against LGTBQ+ friends, J. K. Rowling was a successful author who created the wonderful, magical world that accompanied many of our Gen Z childhoods. When I was younger, I longed to receive an owl mail and attend the spooky and mysterious yet fun and mischievous Hogwarts. Thanks to my nerdy and ambitious nature, I always thought of myself as a Ravenclaw-Slytherin hybrid. I wondered whether the Hat would have a difficult time assigning my house, just like how I could not decide whether I was purely Ravenclaw or purely Slytherin. I pictured my black robes with the house crest, my sycamore wood with dragon heartstring wand, and my possibly feline-shaped animagus. I imagined my late-night adventures with rebellious and mischievous friends, my questionable experiments in charms and potions, my Prefect (eventually Head Girl) badge with little first years surrounding me to ask questions about their homework, and my proud parents waiting for me at the train station each year.

But, I am 24 now, and no owl has come. I have accepted that perhaps, I am a muggle. However, that does not mean I cannot give myself, and my fellow readers, an experience of attending Hogwarts. To take matter into my hand, I look up muggle equivalent of Hogwarts subjects and want to share with you Herbology and Care for Magical Creatures in the form of gardening, herbalism (the study of plants for their medicinal properties) and insects study with a focus on pollinators and pests.

If you are ready, buckle up, and welcome aboard!

**Disclaimer:** All information on my website is for educational purpose only. They are NOT for profit (i.e., no sponsorship, advertisement, or programs/services to be purchased) and should NOT be used as medical advice. Please always consult your healthcare provider for any medically related questions. If you believe any of my content violates copyright, please contact me directly at han.tran2226@gmail.com, and said content will be removed permanently. Thank you!
